WHY ARE THERE
GIANT LOLLIPOPS
ALL OVER THE FRONT YARD?
AND WHY DO THEY TASTE SO BAD?
BECAUSE THEY'RE MADE OUT
OF CARDBOARD, MOUTH-BREATHER.
(Phil) HEY. THE WORLD NEEDS
MORE DREAMERS, LUKE.
NEVER STOP LICKING THINGS.
(Claire)I KNOW IT'S LAME,
BUT AFTER LAST YEAR,
WE PROMISED THE NEIGHBORS
WE WOULD KEEP OUR DECORATIONS
MORE FAMILY-FRIENDLY.
WE CAN'T EVEN
CARVE A PUMPKIN?
THE PETITION
WAS VERY SPECIFIC.
EVERY HALLOWEEN,
WE HAVE THE BEST HOUSE.
LAST YEAR, I TOOK THINGS
TO A WHOLE NEW LEVEL,
BUT APPARENTLY, IT WAS
TOO SCARY FOR SOME KIDS...
AND ONE ADULT.
(electronic voice
laughs diabolically)
(children) TRICK-OR-TREAT!
WOULD YOU LIKE
SOME CANDY?
(children) YEAH!
OR WOULD YOU RATHER HAVE THIS?
(squishing)
(children screaming)
(screaming continues)
COME ON. YOU'RE FINE.
(spits)
I DON'T CARE
WHAT ANYONE SAYS.
YOU DID NOT
GIVE THAT MAN A HEART ATTACK.
THANK YOU.
I MEAN, YOU'RE NOT EVEN SCARY.
CAN I GRAB A LITTLE BIT
OF THIS CANDY
FOR MY OPEN HOUSE TONIGHT?
UH, YEAH, SURE, BUT...
IT'S GENIUS.
AN OPEN HOUSE ON HALLOWEEN.
MILLIONS OF BORED PARENTS
JUST TRYING TO KEEP THEIR...
KIDS OUT OF TRAFFIC.
NOW THEY CAN GET AWAY
FROM ALL THAT,
AND SEE A NICE HOUSE.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
I'M NOT EVEN SCARY?
I LITERALLY ALMOST SCARED
THE LIFE OUT OF A MAN.
YOU LITERALLY SCARED
A LITTLE SALIVA
AND A LITTLE URINE
OUT OF HIM.
THAT HAPPENS TO ME EVERY TIME
I SEE A MONKEY
WEARING PEOPLE CLOTHES.
I WAS PLENTY SCARY.
I USED PROFESSIONAL-GRADE
MAKEUP.
THAT'S THE POINT, CLAIRE.
IT WAS OVERKILL.
YOU'RE THE KIND OF PERSON
WHO CAN BE TWICE AS SCARY
WITHOUT WEARING
ANY MAKEUP. BYE. (kisses)
♪♪
(door closes)
YOU REMEMBERED
TO PICK UP THE COSTUMES, RIGHT?
YES, THEY'RE RIGHT
OVER THERE.
VERY EXCITED.
CAM HAS LOST
A LOT OF WEIGHT-- NO--
OH...
SO WE'RE THROWING
A HALLOWEEN PARTY
TO DEBUT THE NEW HIM.
I'LL BE DRESSED
AS A MATADOR.
(both laugh)
WH-WHAT IS IT NOW, 30?
32.4.
AH.
SO I'VE LOST LILY.
WHERE IS LILY?
HMM?
DO YOU--YOU DON'T HAVE HER?
NO.
WHY WOULD I HAVE HER?
I DON'T HAVE HER IN MY POCKET.
CAM?
WHAT ABOUT THE TIARA?
UH, WE DIDN'T BUY ONE.
YOU CAN JUST USE THE ONE
FROM LAST YEAR.
ARE WE POOR?
NO, SWEETHEART, BUT YOU DON'T
NEED TWO TIARAS.
HOW 'BOUT NEXT HALLOWEEN
YOU TRY A DIFFERENT COSTUME?
NO. I HAVE TO BE A PRINCESS.
EVERY YEAR? WHY?
BECAUSE MY MOM'S A PRINCESS,
JUST LIKE YOU TOLD ME.
(inhales)
CAM AND I HAVE ALWAYS KNOWN
THAT SOMEDAY,
WE WERE GONNA HAVE TO HAVE
THE BIG TALK WITH LILY
ABOUT WHO HER MOM WAS.
WE--WE WERE GONNA
PICK THE RIGHT TIME
AND DO IT TOGETHER,
CAREFULLY FOLLOWING
AN AGREED-UPON SCRIPT.
(sighs)
THEN I GOT TIRED.
"AND SHE WAS
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL PRINCESS
IN ALL THE LAND.
THE END."
AGAIN.
WHY IS TYLER'S MOMMY SO FAT?
(chuckles)
OH, THAT'S BECAUSE SHE HAS--
SHE HAS A BABY IN HER BELLY.
OKAY? GOOD NIGHT.
WAS I IN MY MOM'S BELLY?
LILY, NO MORE QUESTIONS,
ALL RIGHT?
JUST--JUST GO TO SLEEP.
WHERE'S MY MOM NOW?
UM, SHE'S...
IN A FARAWAY LAND.
WHY?
BECAUSE SHE'S A PRINCESS.
AND SHE'S... (yawns)
VERY, VERY BUSY.
OKAY.
I THOUGHT THAT SHE'D FORGET
ABOUT IT BY THE NEXT MORNING.
I MEAN, I DID.
OH, I KNEW I WAS GONNA
HAVE TO TELL CAM,
AND HE WAS
GONNA BE FURIOUS,
BUT I WAS HOPING THAT HE'D SEE
THE BIGGER ISSUE.
YOU KNOW, I WAS REALLY TIRED.
HEY, CAM, YOU KNOW
THIS WHOLE THING
ABOUT LILY WANTING
TO BE A PRINCESS AGAIN?
WELL, I-I THINK IT MIGHT BE
BECAUSE I LET HER BELIEVE
HER MOTHER WAS--
THIS IS A NIGHTMARE.
IT WAS JUST A MISTAKE.
MORE LIKE A DISASTER.
THEY SENT THE MATADOR COSTUME
IN YOUR SIZE,
AND THE BULL COSTUME IN MINE.
OH. I DIDN'T NOTICE.
UM...
NOW NO ONE'S GONNA SEE MY BOD
IN THIS BULKY BULL COSTUME.
IT WAS--IT WAS HONESTLY
A MISTAKE.
L-LISTEN, UM, YOU--YOU COULD DO
THAT OTHER THING
THAT YOU THOUGHT OF. YOU COULD
PUT ON THAT GORGEOUS WHITE SUIT
THAT FITS YOU SO WELL NOW,
AND YOU COULD BE MR. ROARKE,
AND LILY COULD BE YOUR TATTOO.
NO! I HAVE TO BE A PRINCESS!
OH, BUT, LILY, YOU WERE
A PRINCESS LAST YEAR.
NO! YOU PROMISED!
I'M BEING A PRINCESS!
WHY IS SHE SO OBSESSED
WITH PRINCESSES?
WELL...
LIKE WE WEREN'T
AT THAT AGE?
I MEAN...
I'M NOT MAD
ABOUT THE TICKET.
IT'S JUST THE FIRST TIME
I COULDN'T CHARM MY WAY
OUT OF ONE OF THESE THINGS.
THE WAY I SEE IT,
IT'S NOT A TICKET.
IT'S A CONVERSATION.
NO OFFENSE. YOU DON'T
NEED THAT SIREN.
YOU COULD STOP TRAFFIC JUST
GETTING OUT OF THAT SQUAD CAR.
LICENSE AND REGISTRATION,
PLEASE.
I, UH...
I'M NO STRANGER TO
THE POLICE ACADEMY MYSELF.
SEEN ALL SEVEN OF THEM.
SIR, NO ONE'S SEEN
ALL SEVEN.
IS THIS INFORMATION
ACCURATE?
YEAH.
UH, EXCEPT FOR THE WEIGHT.
I THOUGHT THEY WANTED TO KNOW
HOW MUCH I COULD CURL.
MM-HMM.
I MUST BE GETTING RUSTY
WITH MY MOVES.
MOVES? WHAT MOVES?
YOU KNOW,
FLASH THE BABY BLUES,
HIT 'EM WITH
THE DEVILISH GRIN.
IN CASE OF EMERGENCY,
BREAK GLASS
AND BUST OUT THE DIMPLE.
HEY, ISN'T THAT ONE
FROM THE SMALLPOX?
'CAUSE I'M 100.
CHICKEN POX.
AND IT DOESN'T MATTER
WHERE IT'S FROM.
IT ALWAYS WORKED.
HEY, MOM.
MANNY, WHY ARE YOU COMING BACK
FROM SCHOOL SO LATE?
I GOT SENT
TO THE PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE.
OH. I AM SENDING HIM
AN ANGRY E-MAIL,
BECAUSE I DON'T LIKE WHEN--
NO, NO, NO.
IT'S NOT HIS FAULT.
WHAT DID YOU DO WRONG?
NOTHING.
OH, THAT'S IT.
I'M CALLING HIM.
I HATE WHEN HE TRIES TO--
NOTHING ON PURPOSE.
IT WAS BETWEEN PERIODS,
RIGHT BEFORE THIS BIG TEST.
I WAS CLEARING MY MIND
BY PRACTICING
SOME OF MY GENE KELLY
DANCE MOVES.
AS ONE DOES.
RIGHT.
AND MY UMBRELLA ACCIDENTALLY
SNAGGED THE FIRE ALARM.
THE PRINCIPAL THOUGHT
I DID IT ON PURPOSE
SO WE'D MISS THE TEST.
BUT YOU DIDN'T!
THAT'S IT!
I'M GOING TO HIS HOUSE!
MOM! YOU GOTTA
STOP DOING THIS.
I'M NOT SURE IF IT'S
THE PREGNANCY,
WHICH WE BOTH KNOW
ISN'T YOUR FAULT...
BUT LATELY YOU'VE BEEN
SUCH A HOTHEAD.
I AM NOT A HOTHEAD!
I AM COLOMBIAN.
WE GET EXCITED.
MY COUNTRY IS COVERED
IN COFFEE.
JUST LIKE THE STARBUCKS GIRL
WHEN SHE GOT YOUR ORDER WRONG?
HALF-CAF, NON-FAT
WET SOY LATTE.
HOW HARD IS THAT TO HEAR?!
(wind whistling)
(doorbell rings loudly)
YOU DON'T GET TO BE
2-TIME NONCONSECUTIVE
DISTRICT SALESMAN OF THE YEAR
WITHOUT THINKING INSIDE THE BOX.
THAT'S RIGHT.
I SAID "INSIDE."
YOU KNOW WHY?
'CAUSE WHILE EVERYONE'S
CHASING EACH OTHER AROUND
OUTSIDE THE BOX,
YOU KNOW WHAT THE BOX IS?
EMPTY.
WHICH BRINGS US BACK
TO OUR FORMAL DINING ROOM.
NOW ANY QUESTIONS?
CAN WE HAVE OUR CANDY NOW?
JUST AS SOON AS WE GO OVER
WHAT YOU'RE GONNA TELL
YOUR PARENTS.
NOW WHAT WAS OUR STYLE?
(children) PRE-WAR CRAFTSMAN.
GOOD, GOOD.
AND HOW MANY SQUARE FEET?
3,500.
STILL NO TRICK-OR-TREATERS?
NOT YET.
WELL, MAYBE PEOPLE ARE
GOING OUT LATER THIS YEAR.
WELL, THE STREET'S
FULL OF KIDS,
BUT THEY'RE ACTIVELY
DETOURING AROUND OUR HOUSE.
MOVE ALONG.
HUH.
WHO WANTS SOME CANDY?
PLENTY OF NAME-BRAND...
(girl screams)
FAMILY-FRIENDLY
CANDY RIGHT HERE.
OH! IT'S A TRAP!
NO. I--OOH, HOW ABOUT YOU?
HEY--
(whimpers)
YOU WANT SOME CANDY, RIGHT?
COME ON, HAVE SOME CANDY!
MOM! MOMMY, SHE'S GOT ME!
NO, I DON'T--
I'M NOT TRYING--
MY CANDY!
JUST LEAVE IT!
JAY, YOU HAVE TO GET READY
FOR MITCH AND CAM'S PARTY.
GLORIA, DOES MY SKIN
LOOK LOOSER TO YOU?
WHAT?
(doorbell rings)
MAYBE I SHOULD TRY SOME OF THAT
FANCY NECK CREAM OF YOURS.
DON'T YOU HAVE SOME WITH
SPECKS OF DIAMONDS IN IT
OR SOMETHING?
(flatly) TRICK-OR-TREAT.
YOU GUYS DON'T EVEN
HAVE COSTUMES.
I'M A SKELETON.
I'M--I'M A LEMON.
AREN'T YOU TOO OLD TO BE
TRICK-OR-TREATING?
AREN'T YOU TOO OLD
TO BE HAVING A BABY?
(snickers)
AH, YOU FIND THAT FUNNY,
LEMON?
(clicks tongue)
HERE'S A BETTER JOKE.
KNOCK, KNOCK.
WHAT'S GONE?
(bags rustle)
YOUR CANDY!
(speaks indistinctly)
(door closes, lock clicks)
WHAT WAS THAT?
SOME RUDE DUMMIES, THAT THEY
THINK THAT THEY CAN--
ALL RIGHT, LISTEN.
LET'S JUST CALM DOWN.
GET READY FOR THE PARTY.
CALM DOWN WHAT? HUH?
YOU THINK I'M A HOTHEAD,
LIKE MANNY?
NO!
(splattering on door)
YOU CAN BE EMOTIONAL.
VOLATILE, MAYBE.
STILL, THAT'S A FAR CRY
FROM--
(gasps) YOU PUT EGG
ON MY HOUSE,
I KILL WHAT YOU LOVE!!!
PSYCHO.
PLUSH UTILITY ROOM?
YEAH, RIGHT.
I KNOW A HALL CLOSET
WHEN I SEE ONE.
AND YOUR DAD
NEVER LIES?
WHAT MEDICAL SCHOOL
DID THE GREAT
APPLIANCE DOCTOR ATTEND?
(boy) HEY, DELGADO.
(Manny) OH, NO! DURKAS!
WHAT I WOULDN'T GIVE
FOR THIS UMBRELLA TO HAVE
MARY POPPINS' POWERS.
OH, I PRAY
HE DIDN'T HEAR THAT.
HEARD YOU PULLED
THE FIRE ALARM TODAY
AND GOT US OUT OF THAT TEST.
GOOD JOB.
THANKS, MR. DURKAS.
YOU KNOW WHAT? YOU DON'T NEED
TO CALL ME THAT ANYMORE.
ANYWAY, WE'RE ALL MEETING
AT THE PLAYGROUND AT 8:00
AND HEADING OUT,
IF YOU WANT TO JOIN.
YOU'RE TOTALLY
GOING TO THAT.
YEAH, IF YOU WANT TO
RUIN YOUR REPUTATION.
YOU'RE FINALLY GONNA BE IN
WITH THE COOL KIDS.
YOU NEED TO TALK
AT THE SCHOOL ASSEMBLY
ON MONDAY AND APOLOGIZE
TO ALL THE TEACHERS.
(scoffs) TEACHERS. MORE LIKE
PUBLIC SECTOR PARASITES.
BE STRONG, MANNY.
BE SMART.
ADVENTURES. PARTIES!
JUVIE, HEARTACHE.
GIRLS!
BUT NOT THE KIND
WE WANT.
THEY'RE ALL THE KIND
MR. DUR--
CONRAD!
TAKE ONE.
I'M AN EGG DONOR.
(all laugh)
I LOVE YOUR COSTUME
TOO, CAM. ADORA-BULL.
OH, WELL, THANK YOU.
IT'S ALL IN FUN.
I HALF-WANTED TO WEAR
SOMETHING TIGHTER.
YOU KNOW, I'VE BEEN
REDUCING.
I CAN SEE.
WELL, YOU SAY IT
LIKE YOU CAN'T.
NO, NO, NO. I TOTALLY CAN.
(undoes zipper)
IMPRESSIVE, HUH?
YEAH. I'M--I'M GONNA...
HEY, CAM.
MM?
I'M HEARING A RUMOR THAT
YOU KEEP FLASHING OUR GUESTS.
OH, WELL,
NOT IN A PERVERTED WAY.
I JUST WANT PEOPLE
TO SEE MY BODY
UNDER THIS STUPID COSTUME.
THAT'S VERY CLOSE TO WHAT
ACTUAL FLASHERS SAY.
DADDY?
YEAH, ONE SECOND, HONEY.
I'M JUST TIRED
OF THROWING OUT COMPLIMENTS
AND NOT GETTING ANYTHING BACK.
I TOLD ROBERTO
HIS SPRAY TAN LOOKED REAL.
LOOK FOR YOURSELF. IT'S ON TWO
OF OUR PILLOWS AND OUR CAT.
DADDY?
LOOKIT. IT'S MY MOMMY.
SHE CAME.
OH. (lowered voice) OH, NO,
HONEY, THAT'S NOT YOUR MOMMY.
IT'S NOT?
NO, NO. THAT'S JUST
ONE OF DADDY'S FRIENDS.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
OH, NOTHING. SHE JUST WANTS
ONE OF THESE CUPCAKES.
BUT I ALREADY HAD--
OH, THERE YOU GO, HONEY.
OKAY, OFF YOU GO.
MINGLE! MINGLE!
OH.
(candy wrapper rustling)
LOOKS LIKE SOME PEOPLE
CAME BY.
YEAH. OH, YEAH,
WE HAD A FEW.
I SAW THAT.
(phone rings)
HELLO?
(Phil) Hey, honey.
(candy clatters)
HI. HOW'S YOUR OPEN HOUSE?
Pretty empty, actually.
I KIND OF JUST TOOK IT OUT
ON A HARRY POTTER.
SERIOUSLY, THOUGH,
A GRYFFINDOR
LETTING HIS MOM CARRY
HIS QUIDDITCH BROOM?
HOW HUFFLEPUFF IS THAT?
IT'S PRETTY LONELY HERE, TOO.
WE HAVE BEEN SHUNNED
BY THE WHOLE NEIGHBORHOOD.
That's ridiculous.
ALL OVER SOME MILD
LITTLE GAG YOU PULLED?
(stomps foot)
IT WAS NOT MILD.
THERE WAS AN INVESTIG--
(rustling)
SHH!
OH, I-I THOUGHT I HEARD SOMEONE.
I GUESS IT WAS JUST TREES
TAPPING AGAINST THE WINDOW.
IT'S PRETTY CREEPY OVER HERE
in this rattly old house.
ANYWAY, I'LL PROBABLY
GIVE IT ANOTHER 30 MINUTES,
THEN I'LL SEE YOU AT HOME.
Okay.
BYE. (laughs)
WHAT ARE YOU LAUGHING ABOUT?
OH, IT'S JUST YOUR POOR DAD,
YOU KNOW.
YOUR POOR, DUMB DAD.
I'LL FILL YOU IN
AT THE STAFF MEETING
AFTER KENEALLY'S DONE TELLING US
ABOUT HIS MORNING COMMUTE.
THAT'S HILARIOUS!
YOU SOUND JUST LIKE HIM.
YOU ARE SO DOING THAT
AT CHRISTMAS TALENT NIGHT.
DUDE, "RICH GIRL,"
"SARA SMILE"...
(floorboards creaking)
THEN A "MANEATER" ENCORE.
IT WAS SCARY
HOW GOOD THEY WERE.
CLOSE YOUR EYES, IT COULD HAVE
BEEN THE REAL BAND.
YEAH, HE GOT LUCKY
IN THE FOOTBALL POOL ONCE,
AND NOW HE WANTS
TO DOUBLE THE STAKES.
OH, I'M SO SCARED!
(creaking)
RIGHT? (laughing)
WELL, THIS NIGHT WAS A BUST.
(creaks)
NOT A SINGLE PERSON EVEN...
OR DID I SPEAK TOO SOON?
WAS SOMEONE IN THE MOOD
TO BE A BAD LITTLE GHOUL?
OH, CONNIE, I DIDN'T MEAN YOU.
I'M--HEY, THAT'S JUST--
THAT'S JUST THE DIVORCE TALKING.
HANG IN THERE.
BYE-BYE.
(beep)
WELL, SOMEONE DECIDED
TO TAKE A TRIP
TO FANTASY ISLAND
AFTER ALL.
WELL, I'M TIRED OF PEOPLE
NOT NOTICING MY NEW PHYSIQUE.
IF THIS DOESN'T WORK,
I'M BREAKING OUT THE DIAPER
AND TOP HAT AND GOING
AS BABY NEW YEAR! HELLO.
(people gasping)
(Stefan) OH, MY GOD!
JOHN-JOHN, IS THAT YOU?
YOU LOOK AMAZING.
THANKS!
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN YOU LOSE 100 POUNDS.
OH, COME ON. WHAT A--
WHO WANTS TO LIFT ME?
ME.
HOW COULD HE HAVE NOT
CALLED US?
OH, MY GOD, HE'S AS LIGHT
AS A FEATHER. (laughs)
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M GONNA GO LIFT HIM
AND SHAKE HIM
TILL HIS STAPLES POP.
CAM, STOP!
JUST SAYING THAT WE COULD
HAVE CAUGHT THOSE KIDS.
WHAT, AND CHASED 'EM
AROUND ALL NIGHT?
I'M NOT A YOUNG MAN ANYMORE,
AS THE WORLD KEEPS POINTING OUT.
WHAT DID THAT WAITER
JUST CALL YOU OUTSIDE?
MEDIEVAL KNIEVEL.
THAT IS HILARIOUS.
I LOVE WHEN PEOPLE PUT SOME
THOUGHT INTO THEIR OUTFIT.
ILLEGAL ALIEN, SUGAR DADDY.
WHY DO YOU SAY "ILLEGAL"?
BECAUSE ANTENNAS ARE ALIEN,
AND YOU'RE--
WHAT? ILLEGAL?
BECAUSE OF THE COLOR
OF MY SKIN?
WHY DON'T I DUMP YOUR BABY
IN YOUR GAS TANK?
(gasps)
GLORIA! UH, NO HARD FEELINGS,
PLEASE.
JUST ENJOY THE PARTY, OKAY?
FIRST OF ALL, RELAX.
WE'RE AT A PARTY.
SECONDLY, YOU'VE BEEN
DEPORTED TWICE.
YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED
TO BE THAT DEFENSIVE.
WHAT IS IT WITH ME LATELY?
MANNY'S RIGHT.
I'M SUCH A HOTHEAD.
IT HAPPENS.
YOU'RE PREGNANT.
THAT'S WHAT IT IS,
ISN'T IT?
IT'S THE BABY.
IT'S ANGRY IN THERE.
NO!
YES!
YOU JUST SAID IT YOURSELF.
I HAVE CHANGED.
I HAVE AN ANGRY BABY INSIDE
OF ME MAKING ME DO BAD THINGS!
IT'S JUST HORMONES.
IT'S YOUR MAMA BEAR INSTINCT
KICKING IN.
AND THAT'S A GOOD THING,
BECAUSE THAT MEANS
YOU'RE GONNA BE
A GREAT MOM--AGAIN.
DO YOU REALLY THINK SO?
YOU GOT A LUCKY
LITTLE KID IN THERE.
HE'S GOT A MOM WHO'S NOT
GONNA LET ANYONE HARM HIM.
OR HER.
OR--OR HIM.
(flatly) TRICK-OR-TREAT.
(mouths word)
GO AHEAD.
YOU BETTER RUN!
OH, MY GOSH,
IS THAT THE MOST PRECIOUS
THING YOU'VE EVER SEEN?
(mouth full) OH, MY GOD.
DO YOU KNOW
OTHER PRINCESSES?
(deep feminine voice)
TRUST ME. I KNOW LOTS.
OKAY. BEDTIME.
OH, NO, IT'S NOT
THAT LATE.
DO YOU KNOW MY MOM?
SHE'S A PRINCESS.
(laughs) SHE'S EXHAUSTED.
SHE'S NOT MAKING SENSE.
SHE'S SO TIRED.
(Lily) DADDY, YOU TOLD ME!
WHAT IS SHE TALKING
ABOUT, MITCHELL?
MY REAL MOM.
SHE IS, RIGHT?
OKAY, I THINK WE NEED
TO HAVE A LITTLE TALK.
UH-OH.
SAM, DO YOU NOTICE HOW SLIM
CAM'S GETTING?
NICE TRY. I WILL BE BACK
FOR THAT ANSWER.
(groans softly)
(creaking)
THIS ISN'T GONNA WORK, CLAIRE...
(keys rattling)
'CAUSE I KNOW YOU'RE HERE.
(laughs)
(creaking)
WHAT'S THE PLAN, ANYWAY?
YOU GONNA POP OUT AT ME?
IT'S GONNA TAKE MORE THAN THAT
TO SCARE THIS REALTOR.
(woman) HELLO?!
HEY!
IS THE HOUSE STILL OPEN?
OH, YES! YES!
I'LL BE RIGHT DOWN.
(lowered voice) CLAIRE,
THIS IS SERIOUS! I HAVE A JOB!
NOT THAT YOU DON'T.
YOU WORK 24/7
AND YOU DON'T GET HALF
THE APPRECIATION YOU DESERVE.
CAN WE TALK ABOUT THIS LATER?
AS YOU POTENTIAL BUYERS
CAN SEE,
THIS IS A, UH,
A BEAUTIFUL HOME.
WHAT'S BEHIND HERE?
OH, I WOULDN'T GO IN THERE!
UNLESS YOU LOVE
FORMAL DINING ROOMS.
WOW!
(laughs)
HONEY, LOOK AT THIS.
I'M IN THE KITCHEN.
OH, WE SHOULD PROBABLY
STAY TOGETHER.
COME ON, SHEILA.
PHIL, ONE QUESTION. ARE THESE--
I JUST LOVE TO SEE PEOPLE'S
REACTIONS
WHEN I SHOW THEM--
SO MUCH STORAGE. WHAT?
IT'S CRAZY!
I THINK YOU GUYS WILL FIND
THAT THIS HOUSE
IS FULL OF SO MANY...
DELIGHTFUL SURPRISES
THAT YOU'LL BE HAPPY
HERE FOR--
OH, MY GOD!
I DON'T KNOW HER!
IS THIS THE ORIGINAL TUB?
WHAT? YES, IT IS.
IT IS, UH,
THE ORIGINAL TUB.
UM, ORIGINAL FIXTURES,
BEVELED MIRROR,
JUST A-A HUGE STALL SHOWER
IF YOU GUYS WOULD, UH,
WANT TO HAVE A PARTY.
I'M KIDDING, OF COURSE.
BUT, UM, JUST A HOUSE
WITH A REAL PERSONALITY.
WE'LL BE RIGHT IN, SWEETIE.
WE AGREED TO TELL LILY
ABOUT HER MOTHER TOGETHER,
WEARING CALMING EARTH TONES,
AND WE AGREED TO TELL HER
THE TRUTH.
I KNOW, BUT HAVEN'T YOU EVER
SAID SOMETHING DUMB TO LILY
THAT YOU WISH SHE WOULD
JUST FORGET?
THIS ISN'T ABOUT ME.
LET'S JUST FIX THIS.
OKAY, GREAT.
ALTHOUGH...
THE WAY YOU AGREED SO QUICKLY
MAKES ME WONDER
WHAT SORT OF THINGS
YOU'VE TOLD HER.
I MAY HAVE TOLD HER
HER FIBS KILLS BIRDS.
WOW. WE'RE COMING BACK
TO THAT ONE.
(door opens)
OH, HI, PRINCESS.
HEY, LIL. COULD WE TALK TO YOU
FOR A SECOND?
AM I IN TROUBLE?
OH, GOSH, NO.
OF COURSE NOT, SWEETIE.
UM... WELL, DO YOU REMEMBER
HOW WE USED TO TELL YOU
THERE WAS A HEAVEN
FOR ALL THE FLOWERS THAT DIE?
(under breath)
WHAT DO YOU MEAN, "USED TO"?
(under breath) SORRY, I LET IT
SLIP. WE'LL DEAL WITH IT LATER.
MUCH MUCH ARE YOU
NOT TELLING ME?
(under breath) WHY ARE YOU
TALKING LIKE THIS?
(normal voice) DADDIES TOOK
A LITTLE SIDE TRIP.
SORRY, SWEETIE.
(normal voice)
UM, SO SOMETIMES, UH,
WE TELL YOU THINGS LIKE THAT
TO MAKE YOU FEEL BETTER.
MM-HMM.
AND I MIGHT HAVE DONE
THE SAME THING
WHEN I TOLD YOU THAT
YOUR MOM IS A PRINCESS.
SO SHE'S NOT?
(inhales deeply)
WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT?
SHE MIGHT BE.
SHE MIGHT BE. (chuckles)
BUT WE CAN'T KNOW
FOR SURE, HONEY,
BECAUSE... (sighs) WELL,
WE DON'T KNOW WHERE SHE IS
OR... WHAT SHE'S DOING.
B-BUT WHAT--WHAT WE DO KNOW
IS THAT SHE LOVED YOU
VERY, VERY MUCH...
MM-HMM.
AND SHE KNEW THAT SHE COULDN'T
TAKE CARE OF YOU,
SO SHE MADE SURE
THAT YOU WENT
WITH THE MOST LOVING FAMILY
SHE COULD FIND.
AND THAT'S HOW THE THREE
OF US BECAME A FAMILY.
DOES THAT MAKE SENSE,
SWEETIE?
MM-HMM.
DO YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS
FOR US?
WHY DID YOU SAY A FIB
AND KILL A BIRD?
MM-HMM.
I NOTICED YOU WALKING IN
WITH YOUR WIFE EARLIER.
SHE'S STUNNING.
YOU KNOW MY FAVORITE PART
OF THAT COMPLIMENT?
YOU KNEW SHE WAS MY WIFE.
HALF THE WORLD THINKS
SHE'S MY DAUGHTER.
WELL, IF YOU ASK ME,
SHE'S A LUCKY GIRL.
BUMMER FOR ME, THOUGH.
HANDSOMEST MAN IN HERE,
AND HE'S TAKEN.
I'LL BET YOU DO ALL RIGHT
WITH THE BOYS.
I DO.
(clicks tongue) IT'S THE MEN
I'M INTERESTED IN.
YOU JUST PUT IT ALL
RIGHT OUT THERE, DON'T YOU?
I ALWAYS TRY TO HOLD
A LITTLE SOMETHING BACK.
OH, MY GOSH.
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
LEAVE HIM.
NO, BUT YOU KNOW THAT'S A--
I KNOW. HE NEEDS THIS.
OKAY.
IT WAS GREAT
MEETING YOU, JAY.
YOU, TOO, SAM.
WOW! LOOKS LIKE SOMEBODY
REALLY LIKES YOU.
WHAT CAN I SAY?
I STILL GOT IT.
I'VE BEEN MEANING TO ASK YOU--
HAVE YOU LOST SOME WEIGHT?
BECAUSE YOU LOOK GOOD.
(sighs) WOW,
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT THAT MEANS
TO HEAR FROM YOU, JAY.
UH, TURN IT THAT WAY.
I THOUGHT THIS MIGHT
CHEER YOU UP.
(gasps)
(imitates Tattoo)
DA PLANE! DA PLANE!
(laughs) BABY GIRL!
OHH!
LOOK AT YOU! YOU EVEN TAUGHT HER
THE CATCHPHRASE.
YEAH.
JAY, HAVE YOU SEEN
MY NEW TATTOO?
BE IN TOUCH.
WELL, THANKS SO MUCH
FOR COMING.
YEAH. THANKS.
OKAY.
(squeaking)
OKAY, CLAIRE, THEY'RE GONE.
YOU CAN COME OUT NOW.
CLAIRE?
(creaking)
HONEY, I'M SORRY I SAID
YOU WEREN'T SCARY.
IT'S BEEN SUCH A LONG DAY.
CAN WE PLEASE JUST GO HOME?
(wind whistles)
(loud clicking)
ALL RIGHT. I'M LEAVING
WITHOUT YA.
(TV turns on,
static crackling)
(creaking)
SO... THIS REMOTE
YOU KNOW HOW TO USE.
(telephone rings)
(ring)
(Phil breathing heavily)
YES?
(Claire)
Phil, where are you?
CLAIRE? WHERE ARE YOU?
I came over to scare you,
but then I heard you
showing the house
to that couple,
so I got out of your way.
ARE YOU AT HOME?
Yeah. I got here
ten minutes ago.
S-SO... SO YOU'RE SAYING...
(creaking)
THIS CALL ISN'T COMING
FROM INSIDE THE HOUSE?
What are you talking about?
Just get home.
The kids and I are hungry.
(Alex) Yeah, hurry up, Dad.
(Luke) We miss you!
MISS YOU, TOO, BUDDY.
(breathing heavily)
(sets receiver down)
(wind continues whistling)
(thud)
H-HEY!
(dogs bark in distance)
(thumping overhead)
(creaking)
AHH!
AAH! AAH!
TRICK-OR-TREAT!
AAH!
I WASN'T REALLY
THAT SCARED.
OKAY.
HEY, YOU NEVER TOLD ME
IF YOU HIT THOSE KIDS
WITH THAT EGG.
THEY BLENDED INTO
THE CROWD,
BUT THERE WAS A SLOW ONE
WITH THEM.
HE COULDN'T RUN SO FAST,
AND I NAILED HIM PRETTY GOOD.
(both laugh)
I WARNED YOU.
OKAY, REUBEN.
WHERE ARE
YOUR COOL FRIENDS NOW?
NOT Q-TIPPING YOUR EAR,
THAT'S FOR SURE.
OKAY, REUBEN.
THIS IS WHY I NEVER
HANG OUT WITH COOL KIDS.
YEAH, YOU REJECTED THEM
SHORTLY AFTER
YOU AND YOUR MOM
ROLLER DANCED
AT THE TALENT SHOW.
OH... (scoffs)
WE WERE ROBBED.
COULDN'T HAVE BEEN
THE SONG YOU PICKED.
"WING BENEATH MY W--" OW!